README.md, before:

# WEBSAFE PROJECT
## COMMIT DATE: `22 AUGUST 2023, 13:49pm`
## VERSION: vC2.0

This commit contains both the **secure** and **insecure** implementations of the site, controlled by a singular docker compose file.

The compose file automatically imports a premade sql dump into each database, so no prior setup using PHPmyadmin is needed.


### Websafe site
The website should be done, and there are no forseeable changes to be made.

### External server
The welcome page is still fucked. Like I kinda need help because I have no idea how to design it lmao

## PORT MAPPING CHART
```
INSECURE VARIANT
127.0.0.1:8000 > Websafe Web Application
127.0.0.1:8001 > MyPHPAdmin SQL management page
127.0.0.1:8002 > External Server

SECURE VARIANT
127.0.0.1:9000 > Websafe Web Application
127.0.0.1:9001 > MyPHPAdmin SQL management page
127.0.0.1:9002 > External Server
```

## CONTAINER NETWORKING CHART 
```
INSECURE VARIANT
Network address: 192.168.20.0/24
Websafe Web Application: 192.168.20.69
External Server: 192.168.20.22

SECURE VARIANT
Network address: 192.168.40.0/24
Websafe Web Application: 192.168.40.69
External Server: 192.168.40.22
```


## INSTRUCTIONS FOR INSTALLATION
> 1) Clone this entire repository into a folder
> 2) Go to the `php-image/` folder
> 3) Run `docker build -t <image name>`
> 4) Go out to the root folder
> 5) To start, run `docker-compose up -d .`
> 6) To close, run `docker-compose down`

# UPDATES MADE BETWEEN COMMITS
## vC1.8 -> vC2.0
> - Replaced product images for both secure and insecure site.
> - Replaced the sql dump for both secure and insecure site.
> - Fixed a bug on the *Insecure* and *Secure* index webpage which prevent modals from showing when a product is clicked.

## vC1.7 -> vC1.8
> - Changed `SECURE/index.php` and `INSECURE/index.php` to not show "add to cart" if the logged in user is an admin.
> - Updated document name for `SECURE_SERVER/index.php` to "Manage Users" instead of "Documnet".
> - Created a new "toggle admin" function for both insecure and secure external servers.
> - Updated `SECURE/index.php` and `INSECURE/index.php` to reflect this change.

## vC1.6 -> vC1.7
> - Fixed a bug where logging in on the *secure* site would not set the user's privilege in cookies.
> - Fixed a bug on the *secure* site where a user cant access the cart page.
> - Fixed a flaw where `SECURE/login` failed to properly encrypt UID. 
> - Fixed a bug where `SECURE/index.php` would fail to add products to cart.
> - Fixed bugs where functions in `SECURE/cart/*` failed to work. 
> - Fixed a bug where `SECURE/logout` failed to flush session storage.

## vC1.5 -> vC1.6
> - Edited `INSECURE/profile` to authenticate and store passwords in base64 encoding instead of plaintext.
> - Edited the login function in `SECURE/login` to encrypt the user privilege
> - Edited `SECURE/admin/manage` to decrypt the user privilege from `SECURE/login` and cross check the privilege cookie with the privilege object in the PHP sessions array
> - Edited `SECURE/logout` and `SECURE/init_timeout` to clear the "privilege" cookie upon logout.
> - Added comments to all pages in *INSECURE* site to indicate examples of CWE vulnerabilities (MISSING COMMENTS FOR `A09:*` AND `CWE-20: Improper Input Validation`)
> - Added comments to pages in *SECURE* site to indicate examples of CWE mitigations (MISSING COMMENTS FOR `A09:*` AND `CWE-20: Improper Input Validation`)
> - Fixed a bug where `SECURE/comment/post_comment.php` didn't submit a comment, and instead redirected users to the home page.

## vC1.4 -> vC1.5
> - Fixed a bug where Secured webpage wouldn't log out properly.
> - Edited `INSECURE/register`, `INSECURE/login` and `INSECURE/login/reset` to store passwords in base64 encoding instead of plaintext.

## vC1.3 -> vC1.4
> - Fixed database connection for `INSECURE_SERVER/*` and `SECURE_SERVER/*`.
> - Installed functional SSRF-mitigation function for `SECURE/admin/main/index.php`.
> - Updated sessionTimeout function to clear session storage in secure site.
> - Deleted `SECURE/register/deleteUser.php`.
> - Fixed database import routing for `INSECURE/admin/logs/index.php`

## vC1.2 -> vC1.3
> - Changed input field for the email in `INSECURE/register` from "email" to "text" type.
> - Non-admin kickout check has been removed in `INSECURE/admin/main/index.php` and `INSECURE/admin/manage/index.php`.
> - Updated pages that hardcoded the SQL connection instead of importing it.
> - Changed "manage users" to "manage products" in the admin navbar.
> - Cleaned up unnecessary comments in all pages.
> - Added a function in `SECURE/admin/main/index.php` to mitigate SSRF, but haven't tested if it's working.

## vC1.2 -> vC1.2
> - Made the **SQL con**, **error reporting** and **session timeout** functions into their own PHP pages, and replaced all the existing code on (almost) all pages to `include()` them. (Haven't testing if anything is broken tho)
> - Changed Document Titles for all webpages so they actually reflect what the page is about instead of just "helpme" or "Document"
> - Renamed the stylesheet file to `design.css`, and updated all pages accordingly  
> - Removed non-logged-in-kickout functions on `INSECURE/cart/cart.php` and `INSECURE/cart/index.php`
> - Changed the modals on the main page so that when a user clicks on the "Add to cart" button while not logged in, it will create an alert and redirect the user to the login page

## v2.2C1.0 -> vC1.1
> - Made it so that sql dumps for secure and insecure are automatically imported into the database upon container start
> - Changed "lottie" to "Lottie" so nothing else would break because of one stupid inconsistency
> - Disabled database consistency by commenting out the "mysql" volumn in the compose files (both secure and insecure variants)

## v2.2* -> v2.2C1.0
> - I know this version convention is confusing but basically \
> 2.2I1.0 + 2.2S1.0 = 2.2C1.0 \
> right? Like you get it, no?
> - I basically just combined the insecure and secure versions together, like that's it
> - Updated port mapping to prevent clash
> - Updated container names to prevent clash


## v2.2 -> v2.2I1.0
> - It's just the normal site but basically no security, idk what else to say

## v2.2 -> v2.2S1.0
> - Security features installed on all* Websafe pages
> - Security features installed on Server1 pages
> ###### *at least the ones that we remember 

### v2.1 -> v2.2
> - Small tweaks to some pages. Was too stupid to note which ones.

### NULL -> v2.1
> - Deleted file backups
> - Deleted code snippet comments for all files
> - That's it lmao

Commit message:

Cleaned up compose file comments

README.md, after:

# WEBSAFE PROJECT
## COMMIT DATE: `22 AUGUST 2023, 13:49pm`
## VERSION: vC2.0

This commit contains both the **secure** and **insecure** implementations of the site, controlled by a singular docker compose file.

The compose file automatically imports a premade sql dump into each database, so no prior setup using PHPmyadmin is needed.


### Websafe site
The website should be done, and there are no forseeable changes to be made.

### External server
The welcome page is still fucked. Like I kinda need help because I have no idea how to design it lmao

## PORT MAPPING CHART
```
INSECURE VARIANT
127.0.0.1:8000 > Websafe Web Application
127.0.0.1:8001 > MyPHPAdmin SQL management page
127.0.0.1:8002 > External Server

SECURE VARIANT
127.0.0.1:9000 > Websafe Web Application
127.0.0.1:9001 > MyPHPAdmin SQL management page
127.0.0.1:9002 > External Server
```

## CONTAINER NETWORKING CHART 
```
INSECURE VARIANT
Network address: 192.168.20.0/24
Websafe Web Application: 192.168.20.69
External Server: 192.168.20.22

SECURE VARIANT
Network address: 192.168.40.0/24
Websafe Web Application: 192.168.40.69
External Server: 192.168.40.22
```


## INSTRUCTIONS FOR INSTALLATION
> 1) Clone this entire repository into a folder
> 2) Go to the `php-image/` folder
> 3) Run `docker build -t <image name>`
> 4) Go out to the root folder
> 5) To start, run `docker-compose up -d .`
> 6) To close, run `docker-compose down`

# UPDATES MADE BETWEEN COMMITS
## vC2.0 -> vC2.1
> - Cleaned up the compose file.
> - Changed container name from `webapp_secure` to `secure_webapp`.

## vC1.8 -> vC2.0
> - Replaced product images for both secure and insecure site.
> - Replaced the sql dump for both secure and insecure site.
> - Fixed a bug on the *Insecure* and *Secure* index webpage which prevent modals from showing when a product is clicked.

## vC1.7 -> vC1.8
> - Changed `SECURE/index.php` and `INSECURE/index.php` to not show "add to cart" if the logged in user is an admin.
> - Updated document name for `SECURE_SERVER/index.php` to "Manage Users" instead of "Documnet".
> - Created a new "toggle admin" function for both insecure and secure external servers.
> - Updated `SECURE/index.php` and `INSECURE/index.php` to reflect this change.

## vC1.6 -> vC1.7
> - Fixed a bug where logging in on the *secure* site would not set the user's privilege in cookies.
> - Fixed a bug on the *secure* site where a user cant access the cart page.
> - Fixed a flaw where `SECURE/login` failed to properly encrypt UID. 
> - Fixed a bug where `SECURE/index.php` would fail to add products to cart.
> - Fixed bugs where functions in `SECURE/cart/*` failed to work. 
> - Fixed a bug where `SECURE/logout` failed to flush session storage.

## vC1.5 -> vC1.6
> - Edited `INSECURE/profile` to authenticate and store passwords in base64 encoding instead of plaintext.
> - Edited the login function in `SECURE/login` to encrypt the user privilege
> - Edited `SECURE/admin/manage` to decrypt the user privilege from `SECURE/login` and cross check the privilege cookie with the privilege object in the PHP sessions array
> - Edited `SECURE/logout` and `SECURE/init_timeout` to clear the "privilege" cookie upon logout.
> - Added comments to all pages in *INSECURE* site to indicate examples of CWE vulnerabilities (MISSING COMMENTS FOR `A09:*` AND `CWE-20: Improper Input Validation`)
> - Added comments to pages in *SECURE* site to indicate examples of CWE mitigations (MISSING COMMENTS FOR `A09:*` AND `CWE-20: Improper Input Validation`)
> - Fixed a bug where `SECURE/comment/post_comment.php` didn't submit a comment, and instead redirected users to the home page.

## vC1.4 -> vC1.5
> - Fixed a bug where Secured webpage wouldn't log out properly.
> - Edited `INSECURE/register`, `INSECURE/login` and `INSECURE/login/reset` to store passwords in base64 encoding instead of plaintext.

## vC1.3 -> vC1.4
> - Fixed database connection for `INSECURE_SERVER/*` and `SECURE_SERVER/*`.
> - Installed functional SSRF-mitigation function for `SECURE/admin/main/index.php`.
> - Updated sessionTimeout function to clear session storage in secure site.
> - Deleted `SECURE/register/deleteUser.php`.
> - Fixed database import routing for `INSECURE/admin/logs/index.php`

## vC1.2 -> vC1.3
> - Changed input field for the email in `INSECURE/register` from "email" to "text" type.
> - Non-admin kickout check has been removed in `INSECURE/admin/main/index.php` and `INSECURE/admin/manage/index.php`.
> - Updated pages that hardcoded the SQL connection instead of importing it.
> - Changed "manage users" to "manage products" in the admin navbar.
> - Cleaned up unnecessary comments in all pages.
> - Added a function in `SECURE/admin/main/index.php` to mitigate SSRF, but haven't tested if it's working.

## vC1.2 -> vC1.2
> - Made the **SQL con**, **error reporting** and **session timeout** functions into their own PHP pages, and replaced all the existing code on (almost) all pages to `include()` them. (Haven't testing if anything is broken tho)
> - Changed Document Titles for all webpages so they actually reflect what the page is about instead of just "helpme" or "Document"
> - Renamed the stylesheet file to `design.css`, and updated all pages accordingly  
> - Removed non-logged-in-kickout functions on `INSECURE/cart/cart.php` and `INSECURE/cart/index.php`
> - Changed the modals on the main page so that when a user clicks on the "Add to cart" button while not logged in, it will create an alert and redirect the user to the login page

## v2.2C1.0 -> vC1.1
> - Made it so that sql dumps for secure and insecure are automatically imported into the database upon container start
> - Changed "lottie" to "Lottie" so nothing else would break because of one stupid inconsistency
> - Disabled database consistency by commenting out the "mysql" volumn in the compose files (both secure and insecure variants)

## v2.2* -> v2.2C1.0
> - I know this version convention is confusing but basically \
> 2.2I1.0 + 2.2S1.0 = 2.2C1.0 \
> right? Like you get it, no?
> - I basically just combined the insecure and secure versions together, like that's it
> - Updated port mapping to prevent clash
> - Updated container names to prevent clash


## v2.2 -> v2.2I1.0
> - It's just the normal site but basically no security, idk what else to say

## v2.2 -> v2.2S1.0
> - Security features installed on all* Websafe pages
> - Security features installed on Server1 pages
> ###### *at least the ones that we remember 

### v2.1 -> v2.2
> - Small tweaks to some pages. Was too stupid to note which ones.

### NULL -> v2.1
> - Deleted file backups
> - Deleted code snippet comments for all files
> - That's it lmao
